chore: Specification adjustments (#1)
dcb-events/dcb-events.github.io: docs/resources/specification.md

An optional parameter to `EventStore.read()` that allows for cursor-based pagination of events.
It has two parameters:

- `from` an optional [SequenceNumber](#SequenceNumber) to start streaming events from (depending on the `backwards` flag this is either a _minimum_ or _maximum_ sequence number of the resulting stream)

> - `backwards` a flag that, if set to `true`, returns the events in descending order (default: `false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `backwards` a flag that, if set to `true`, returns the events in reverse order (default: `false`)
```

When reading from the [EventStore](#EventStore) an `EventStream` is returned.

> - It _MUST_ be iterable (e.g. via generator or reactive pattern, depending on the specific implementation)

Reviewer: Still very confusing to me

Author: it means, that the event stream can be consumed one event at the time.
do you have a better suggestion?

A `Tag` can add domain specific metadata to an event allowing for custom partitioning

!!! info
    Usually a tag represents a concept of the domain, e.g. the type and id of an entity like `product:p123`

- It _MUST_ satisfy the regular expression `/^[[:alnum:]\-\_\:]{1,150}`

> - It _CAN_ represent a key/value pair such as `product:123` but that is irrelevant to the Event Store

Reviewer: This point needs to be evaluated better IMO.

- It _CAN_ represent a key/value pair such as `product:123` but that is irrelevant to the Event Store

### AppendCondition

- It _MUST_ contain a [StreamQuery](#StreamQuery)
- It _MUST_ contain a [ExpectedHighestSequenceNumber](#ExpectedHighestSequenceNumber)

> ### ExpectedHighestSequenceNumber

Reviewer: What about `SafePoint`?

Author: I think I like that idea!

Author: We agreed to calling it `expectedCeiling` for now (although I must confess that I am not super satisfied with it yet)

>   - [SequenceNumber](#SequenceNumber) - representing the highest sequence number that was consumed when building the condition. *Note:* There is no guarantee that this number is not _higher_ than the last event that matched the StreamQuery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [SequenceNumber](#SequenceNumber) - representing the highest sequence number that the client was aware of while building the decision model. *Note:* This number can be _higher_ than the sequence number of the last event matching the StreamQuery.
```
